SplunkPy - Fixed an issue where KeyError exception raised (#11081)
demisto/content: Packs/SplunkPy/ReleaseNotes/1_2_8.md

#### Integrations
##### SplunkPy

> - Fixed an issue where KeyError exception raised when trying to edit a notable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where a KeyError exception was raised while trying to edit a notable.
```

Author: Thanks!
